one of the absolute best things about the military life and this is been
true for the five thousand years of of recorded history is the camaraderie
between people who have to fight in any kind of context %HESITATION
the bunnies you get in the military the best buddies you'll
ever have and all you have to do is go to a local newspaper look at
reunions with guys getting together fifty years after they serve together
in the military and while you're in the military that leads
to a lot of socializing so in almost every setting with which I have
been familiar %HESITATION there were things called clubs they were
listed clubs or senior NCO clubs chief petty officer clubs commission
officer clubs and all those clubs on either on bass and that's where
you went right after you got off duty every day they have a couple
beers with your friends and colleagues to discuss the problems of
the day discuss the issues you had with very people in the unit and
plan for the future and it was kind of a a nice informal way to get
the sorts of things ironed out and on weekends are always parties there
were parties at night there were parties on the beach I can still
remember the wonderful wonderful times I had when I was in Pensacola
well this is a list of man as an officer going out to this beautiful
white sand beaches and bearing a %HESITATION trashcan full of ice
and beer the say in and just spending the day having a good time drinking
beer and talking about very these issues and just enjoying being
together with your buddies %HESITATION so those socializing was
the best in the world when we were in the service